docs(hub) add seifchen kong-path-whitelist plugin (#1834)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/seifchen/kong-path-whitelist/index.md

---

> name: Kong Path White List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Kong Path Whitelist
```

publisher: Seifchen

categories:
  - security

type: plugin

> desc: Determine if the path is in the path whitelist, if not, return 403

Reviewer: ```suggestion
desc: Determine if the path is in the path whitelist, and if not, return a 403
```

description: |

>   Add Kong Path White List to a Service or a Route or consumer with paths. The plugin will check the path is in the path whitelist, if not return 403.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can use the Kong Path Whitelist plugin on a Service, Route, or Consumer with paths. The plugin will check if the path is in the path whitelist, and if not, return a 403.
```

support_url: https://github.com/seifchen/kong-path-whitelist/issues

source_url: https://github.com/seifchen/kong-path-whitelist

license_type: Apache-2.0

kong_version_compatibility:
  community_edition:
    compatible:
      - 2.0.x
      - 1.5.x
      - 1.4.x
      - 1.3.x
      - 1.2.x

>     incompatible:

Reviewer: Can you remove the incompatible section? We're going to stop including them going forward.

Author: done

      - 1.1.x
      - 1.0.x
      - 0.15.x
      - 0.13.x
      - 0.12.x
      - 0.11.x
      - 0.10.x
      - 0.9.x
      - 0.8.x
      - 0.7.x
      - 0.6.x
      - 0.5.x
      - 0.3.x
      - 0.2.x

params:
  name: kong-path-whitelist
  api_id: false
  service_id: true
  consumer_id: true
  route_id: true
  protocols: ["http", "https"]
  dbless_compatible: yes

  config:
    - name: white_paths
      required: yes
      default: []
      value_in_examples: ["/api/services", "/api/routes"]

>       description: The request path not match this path will forbidden with 403 code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: An allowed path. Any request path that does not match one of the paths in this list will be forbidden and return a 403 error code.
```

    - name: regex
      required: true
      default: true
      value_in_examples:

>       description: boolean, if true will use ngx.re.match to match the request_path and white_paths,if false, Will strictly judge whether the two path are equal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: A boolean value that specifies whether the plugin uses regex for path matching. If `true`, the plugin will use `ngx.re.match` to match the `request_path` and `white_paths` values. If `false`, it will strictly judge whether the two paths are equal.
```

---

# Install
### Luarocks
```
luarocks install kong-path-whitelist
```

### Source Code
```
$ git clone https://github.com/seifchen/kong-path-whitelist.git
$ cd /path/to/kong/plugins/kong-path-whitelist
$ luarocks make *.rockspec
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the README in the plugin source repository for more usage examples.

```
